How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
We can do it manually but for long code it will be a very tedious. In windows we have FC which
 stands for file compare use like this in terminal     FC file1 file2
In linux open terminal and diff -u file1 file2
By diff we were able to pinpoint location where there was difference and so was able to identify 
bug more easily
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
If we have made some error or we are having bug it would be very easy to identify them if we are having bug free older 
version with us
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
 versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
 when we manually change:
 pros-1)we will commit as per our requirement 2)we will not commit too much
 cons-2)sometimes we can overlook commiting leading to large difference in code and so difficulty in finding bug.
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
sometimes change in 1 file will result in change of other files like change in the name of character in a novel which
is 1 chapter in 1 file.So change in 1 file will lead to change in others and in these cases handling more than 1 file 
will be efficient and easy.
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
With the help of git log we can see each commit along with its date,id,author and message while by using git diff we
can compare two different commit to see which line sare added and which were subtracted.
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
While using version control I have all my commits so if I break something or have accidently introduced some bugs I can
easily find it out using git log and git checkout
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will try to use it for version-control of my files as I have been told.
git status shows which file have changed since the last commit.By using git init in any directory we make a new repository.
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository a file called .git is formed.We make repository to have a property of version control with us. 
