What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository a file called .git is formed.We make repository to have a property of version control with us. 
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is the intermediate area where we add one by one all the file which will be later bundled up and stored in one commit in repository.
I don't know much about the value though.
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By using git add we send one by one file to staging area and then by using git commit we send all of them together as a commit in repository.So for 
one logical change we will add only those file which are affliated with it.
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If we are making some program and we have two approaches to solve it then we can do it by making a branch for one approach.This will help us in being
 highly organised.From a common path branches will allow us to move on two different paths in organised manner.
 Git can also help you visualize the branch structure via command git log --graph master coins and git log --graph --oneline master coins where master
 and coins are main branch and another branch respectively.Here flag oneline ensures that the output we get is shorter and easier to see.
 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
 The diagrams help us in better visualization and enable us to see clearly where and how much a particular branch was created.
 git merge master coin merges both commit and create a new commit with default message.git show is the command which will show you what changes were 
 introduced by a commit compared to its parents.after merging coins with master we can delete coin branch.After deleting we still will have access to
  this branch via git log.To delete we us ecommand git -d coins.This would not delete the commits in the branch ,it would delete the label.
The command Caroline mentions to compare a commit to its parent is git show commit_id
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together is that we get a fusion between them.If we use git log we will get the commits of both and it will be in 
order of timespan.If the original document contains code A,B,C and branch 1 contains B,C,D,E and branch 2 contains A,B,D,F then after merging two branches
namely master and coins we will get new master which will have B,D,E,F.
git log -n 1 ,the -n flag means git will show only that no. of commits,in this case 1.
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
When we do merges manually we decide ourselves which code to keep and which to delete which works in our favour.


 